
# WiNS Well-being üåªüìñ

Repository by Women in Network Science WiNS.

In this repository you will find useful resources for Women in Network
Sciences (WiNS), to care of our well-being. This is only a repository of
resources, so if you feel that these thing does not work enough, we
definitly encourage you to look for help. Probably in your university
there is a programm that could help you, if not, in the same city that
you are living. You are not alone, and there is always someone to talk
to.

Another repository that may be interesting for you, it is the one
created with information for [postgraduates Women in Network
Science](https://github.com/FranciscaOrtizRuiz/wins_postgraduate) and
[starting kit with
networks](https://github.com/FranciscaOrtizRuiz/wins_startingwithnetworks)

## Imposter syndrome üíªüí¨

We know that imposter syndrome is something common in academia,
specially for women. Then, we hope these videos and others resources
help you out with that\! You definitly can figth back this syndrome\!

**Videos**

[Explaination about the imposter syndrome - Michelle
Obama](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dumm_XfHkmY)

[Ted Ed: What is imposter syndrome and how can you combat it? -
Elizabeth Cox](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQUxL4Jm1Lo)

[Ted Talk: The Surprising Solution to the Imposter Syndrome - Lou
Solomon](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whyUPLJZljE)

[Ted Talk: One thing no one told you about the imposter syndrome -
Christina Whittaker](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMzoyiAS878)

[How I deal with Impostor Syndrome as a Software Engineer (yes I feel it
too) - Kati Morton](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DYPdsCN69lc)

[How students of color confront impostor syndrome - Dena
Simmons](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8sQ2p89P0Us)

[The Imposter syndrome](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqhUHyVpAwE)

**For reading about it**

[Coping with imposter syndrome in academia and
research](https://portlandpress.com/biochemist/article/42/3/62/225249/Coping-with-imposter-syndrome-in-academia-and)

[Imposter syndrome in academia and how I beat it. Sabiha opens up about
struggling with impostor syndrome during her
PhD](https://thelifeofscience.com/2020/05/30/imposter-syn-academia/)

[How to Overcome Imposter Syndrome in
Academia](https://www.enago.com/academy/overcome-imposter-syndrome/)

[Imposter
Syndrome](https://www.imperial.ac.uk/students/success-guide/pgr/professional-development/imposter-syndrome/)

[Women in STEM: Shattering ‚ÄúImposter
Syndrome‚Äù](https://www.nyas.org/magazines/beyond-2030-sustainable-development-for-the-next-frontier/women-in-stem-shattering-imposter-syndrome/)

[Feeling like an impostor? You can escape this confidence-sapping
syndrome](https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/sep/19/fraud-impostor-syndrome-confidence-self-esteem)

[How I overcame impostor syndrome after leaving
academia](https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-019-03036-y)

[‚ÄòI‚Äôm not worthy\!‚Äô ‚Äì Imposter Syndrome in
Academia](https://researchwhisperer.org/2016/02/02/imposter-syndrome/)

**Podcasts**

[The Impostor Syndrome Terminator
podcast](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9mZWVkcy5jYXB0aXZhdGUuZm0vaW5lcy1wYWRhcg?sa=X&ved=0CAMQ4aUDahcKEwigiJng9pfyAhUAAAAAHQAAAAAQAQ)

[The why factor](https://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/w3csvtbs)

[The imposter syndromes
files](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9mZWVkcy5idXp6c3Byb3V0LmNvbS84MzEzNjEucnNz?sa=X&ved=0CAMQ4aUDahcKEwjow6rf9pfyAhUAAAAAHQAAAAAQAQ)

## Books to encourage yourself\! üåªüìö

[Strong Female Book Lists -
Goodread](https://www.goodreads.com/list/tag/strong-female)

## Advices of well-being during your studies üî≠

[Newsletter ‚Äúfind mind space‚Äù](https://findmindspace.com)

[Resources: looking after your mental
wellbeing](https://www.studentminds.org.uk/lookingafteryourmentalwellbeing.html)

[Advice from a
graduating](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IMnLUNxM7BY&list=PLE1ZOy5rx12uLi6HNghCT_rJ5Vkx8n_sM)

[PGR Well Bee-in Project](https://sites.manchester.ac.uk/pgrwellbeing/)

[Graduate
Wellbeing](https://www.studentminds.org.uk/graduatewellbeing.html)

[Tip for wellbeing](https://www.york.ac.uk/students/health/wellbeing/)

-----

Author/Maintainer: **Repository maintain by Postgraduate Committe of
WiNS council**. If you would like to add information, or suggest some
changes, please contact Francisca Ortiz (Postgraduate rep) by email:
**<franortizruiz@gmail.com>**.
